I542 configuration kubernetes review (#597)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/setup-kubernetes/kubernetes-config.adoc

---
title: "Configuring Kuberentes"
keywords: kubernetes, configuration
tags: [installation, kubernetes]
sidebar: che_6_docs
permalink: kubernetes-config.html
folder: setup-kubernetes
---

You can configure the behavior of the Che server by passing environment variables to the Che deployment.

There are multiple ways to edit the Che deployment to add new or edit existing environment variables:

> * To open the Che deployment YAML file in the *nano* editor, use the `kubectl edit dc/che` command. The *Vim* editor is used by default.

Reviewer: Suggest making 'The *Vim* editor is used by default.'  as the first sentence. 
Both nano and Vim should not be bold, as per https://redhat-documentation.github.io/asciidoc-markup-conventions/ only GUI elements should be marked up bold.

> * To manually edit the Che deployment, in the Kubernetes web console, click *Deployments* -> *Che* -> *Edit*.

Reviewer: See GUI Menu here: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/asciidoc-markup-conventions/ for the mark-up we use when navigating files.

* To update the Che deployment with new environment variables or to modify the values of existing ones, use the `kubectl set env dc/che KEY=VALUE KEY1=VALUE1` command.

[id="what-can-be-configured"]

> == Configurable Che properties

Reviewer: Modify the id as per the title.

---

> title: "Configuring Kuberentes"

Reviewer 2: There's still a typo here. Should be "Kubernetes".

Author: I am so sorry about this. Thanks for pointing it out again.

keywords: kubernetes, configuration
tags: [installation, kubernetes]
sidebar: che_6_docs
permalink: kubernetes-config.html
folder: setup-kubernetes
---

You can configure the behavior of the Che server by passing environment variables to the Che deployment.

There are multiple ways to edit the Che deployment to add new or edit existing environment variables:

> * To open the Che deployment YAML file in the nano editor, use the `kubectl edit dc/che` command. The Vim editor is used by default.

Reviewer 3: Doesn't make much sense -- is it nano or Vim? :) Not to mention that talking about the editor is superfluous.
```suggestion
* To open the Che deployment YAML file in the configured editor, use the `kubectl edit dc/che` command.
```

* To manually edit the Che deployment, in the Kubernetes web console, click *Deployments* > *Che* > *Edit*.

> * To update the Che deployment with new environment variables or to modify the values of existing ones, use the `kubectl set env dc/che KEY=VALUE KEY1=VALUE1` command.

Reviewer 3: Put long commands on a separate line in a code block.
```suggestion
* To update the Che deployment with new environment variables or to modify the values of existing ones, use:

----
 kubectl set env dc/che KEY=VALUE KEY1=VALUE1
 ----
```

[id="configurable-che-properties"]
== Configurable Che properties

You can find the deployment environment variables or configuration map in the YAML files. For a complete list of all the properties that are configurable for the Che server, see https://github.com/eclipse/che/tree/master/assembly/assembly-wsmaster-war/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/classes/che[Che properties].

To manually convert properties into environment variables, follow the instructions on the link:properties.html#properties-and-environment-variables[properties page].

For more information about critical configuration options, see the link:kubernetes-admin-guide.html[Kubernetes Administration guide].

[id="changing-the-unrecoverable-events"]

> == Changing the unrecoverable events

Reviewer 3: No reason for a definite article.
```suggestion
== Specifying default unrecoverable events
```
